resource_control: fix resource control limitation (#14945)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

## Limitations

> Resource control incurs additional scheduling overhead(about 5%). Therefore, there might be a slight performance degradation when this feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource control incurs additional scheduling overhead (about 5%). Therefore, there might be a slight performance degradation when this feature is enabled.
```

> Resource control incurs additional scheduling overhead (about 5%). Therefore, there might be a slight performance degradation when this feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource control incurs additional scheduling overhead. Therefore, there might be a slight performance degradation (less than 5%) when this feature is enabled.
```
